README.md, before:

## Installation
╔═╢Install [SFP](https://github.com/PhantomGamers/SFP)  
║   
╠══╢Place Red Metro For Steam folder in \Steam\steamui\skins folder.   
║  
╚═══╢Select Red Metro For Steam in SFP Settings
# Screenshots
|Store|
|---|
|![Screenshot of Store](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JayTheXXVII/jaythexxvii.github.io/main/Assets/Red%20Metro%20Asset%20Store.png)|

|Home|
|---|
|![Screenshot of Home](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JayTheXXVII/jaythexxvii.github.io/main/Assets/Red%20Metro%20Asset%20Library%20Home.png)|

|Library|
|---|
|![Screenshot of Library](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JayTheXXVII/jaythexxvii.github.io/main/Assets/Red%20Metro%20Asset%20Library.png)|

|Community|
|---|
|![Screenshot of Community](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JayTheXXVII/jaythexxvii.github.io/main/Assets/Red%20Metro%20Asset%20Community.png)|

|Activity|
|---|
|![Screenshot of Activity](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JayTheXXVII/jaythexxvii.github.io/main/Assets/Red%20Metro%20Asset%20Activity.png)|

Commit message:

Revise installation steps for clarity and accuracy
Updated installation instructions for Red Metro For Steam.

README.md, after:

## Installation
1.  Install [Millennium](https://steambrew.app/) or [SFP](https://github.com/PhantomGamers/SFP)
2.  Download the [Latest Release](https://github.com/JayTheXXVII/Red-Metro-For-Steam/releases)
3.  Extract to ```\Steam\steamui\skins``` folder
4.  Enable in [Millennium](https://steambrew.app/) or [SFP](https://github.com/PhantomGamers/SFP)

# Screenshots
|Store|
|---|
|![Screenshot of Store](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JayTheXXVII/jaythexxvii.github.io/main/Assets/Red%20Metro%20Asset%20Store.png)|

|Home|
|---|
|![Screenshot of Home](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JayTheXXVII/jaythexxvii.github.io/main/Assets/Red%20Metro%20Asset%20Library%20Home.png)|

|Library|
|---|
|![Screenshot of Library](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JayTheXXVII/jaythexxvii.github.io/main/Assets/Red%20Metro%20Asset%20Library.png)|

|Community|
|---|
|![Screenshot of Community](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JayTheXXVII/jaythexxvii.github.io/main/Assets/Red%20Metro%20Asset%20Community.png)|

|Activity|
|---|
|![Screenshot of Activity](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JayTheXXVII/jaythexxvii.github.io/main/Assets/Red%20Metro%20Asset%20Activity.png)|
